SCP-4615 Created catalog of Marlowe contracts (#332)
input-output-hk/marlowe-cardano: marlowe/example-contracts.md

[This video](https://vimeo.com/726500312/f90fd85ed7) shows [the contract](../marlowe-cli/cookbook/revenue-based-loan.hs) being run in Marlowe Playground.

### [English Auction](../marlowe-cli/cookbook/english-auction.ipynb)

This English Auction with five bidders and three rounds of bidding demonstrates the use of merkleization for Marlowe contracts. Because bidders may bid in any order and may bid more than once, unless they are disqualified by an illegal bid or timeout, the contract involves a combinatorial explosion of possibilities. Without merkleization, the contract JSON file is 990MB in size and contains 940k `Case` statements, but after merkleization the JSON file is 9.8MB and it contains just 1150 merkleized `Case` statements. The contract was both simulated and run on the Cardano blockchain: that involved 18 transactions.

### [Collective Loan in Marlowe](../marlowe-cli/cookbook/collective-loan.ipynb)

> This collective-loan contract lets lenders deposit currency such as `DjedUSD` in exchange for liquidity tokens, and then lets borrowers draw funds from the contract as loans. After the borrowers pay back their borrowings with interest to the collective loan, the lenders then redeem their liquidity tokens for `DjedUSD` that includes profit from the lending. A central administrator manages approvals. The Marlowe contract for this collective loan is scalable to an arbitrarily largenumber of lenders or borrowers, so long as the trusted central administrator is relied upon to disperse role tokens on a just-in-time basis. (Less centralized versions may be feasible, but they would be more rigid in terms of sequence of participation of the lenders and borrowers.) The contract was both simulated and run on the Cardano blockchain: that involved 3 lenders, 5 borrowers, and ~60 transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This collective-loan contract lets lenders deposit currency such as `DjedUSD` in exchange for liquidity tokens, and then lets borrowers draw funds from the contract as loans. After the borrowers pay back their borrowings with interest to the collective loan, the lenders then redeem their liquidity tokens for `DjedUSD` that includes profit from the lending. A central administrator manages approvals. The Marlowe contract for this collective loan is scalable to an arbitrarily large number of lenders or borrowers, so long as the trusted central administrator is relied upon to disperse role tokens on a just-in-time basis. (Less centralized versions may be feasible, but they would be more rigid in terms of sequence of participation of the lenders and borrowers.) The contract was both simulated and run on the Cardano blockchain: that involved 3 lenders, 5 borrowers, and ~60 transactions.
```
added missing space

See also [this video](https://vimeo.com/735889853/10601168e4) that walks through this example in Marlowe Playground and on the Marlowe testnet.

### [Collective Loan in Marlowe with 30 Lenders and 70 Borrowers](../marlowe-cli/cookbook/collective-loan-30-70.ipynb)

> This collective-loan contract lets lenders deposit currency such as `DjedUSD` in exchange for liquidity tokens, and then lets borrowers draw funds from the contract as loans. After the borrowers pay back their borrowings with interest to the collective loan, the lenders then redeem their liquidity tokens for `DjedUSD` that includes profit from the lending. A central administrator manages approvals. The Marlowe contract for this collective loan is scalable to an arbitrarily largenumber of lenders or borrowers, so long as the trusted central administrator is relied upon to disperse role tokens on a just-in-time basis. (Less centralized versions may be feasible, but they would be more rigid in terms of sequence of participation of the lenders and borrowers.) The contract was both simulated and run on the Cardano blockchain: that involved 30 lenders, 70 borrowers, and ~530 transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This collective-loan contract lets lenders deposit currency such as `DjedUSD` in exchange for liquidity tokens, and then lets borrowers draw funds from the contract as loans. After the borrowers pay back their borrowings with interest to the collective loan, the lenders then redeem their liquidity tokens for `DjedUSD` that includes profit from the lending. A central administrator manages approvals. The Marlowe contract for this collective loan is scalable to an arbitrarily large number of lenders or borrowers, so long as the trusted central administrator is relied upon to disperse role tokens on a just-in-time basis. (Less centralized versions may be feasible, but they would be more rigid in terms of sequence of participation of the lenders and borrowers.) The contract was both simulated and run on the Cardano blockchain: that involved 30 lenders, 70 borrowers, and ~530 transactions.
```
added missing space
